hello mudas to all I am raul and I bring you
a new video and I bring you a new one
video with the new update that already
you have seen a thousand videos of the new
update but I'm not going to get
within the update do not see the
things that he has taken out because everyone
You already know but if I'm going to show you
already as you are seeing I have a villager
created amela I have invented it myself and
Now I'm doing pretty good I have been
tapped that we are in your life and I
create a drink a drink I create a drink
my mother I create a village of his life
as you can see with the four mortars already
now the village is going quite
pretty pretty good now I'm going to
teach a couple of repetitions that I
they are making some attacks and
I'm almost up league
only with defense because you already know I have
the kings in the middle defending very
ok the troop and you're covering me
practically the whole village less
some areas around here
it's not so much for farming because rob me
probably less always rob me
because it was quite outside the
warehouses but if it's okay to go up
drinks not because I'm doing very well
as I'm saying because not solid
very high very high for now but I
they are attacking quite high levels
the four mortars are covering all
the village also minus the east that
is improving now normal so what
I'm improving up to level 6 what
I will improve for later and continue
with my improvements
and well the clark castle is not what
what else I use to defend almost never
he asked for troops but it comes in handy
the drills are a little outside the
mortars and defenses arias a little
out as I like it to me and good
it's pretty good the cheating the
I have a little bit there is a moment that this
I had changed, I am not worth the
I will change and I do not know how it will be or something
of that I had
I had put the jumping traps here
because this year they will not go to me
out because I'm dumb and in a moment
crazy what they have not gone inward no
to the tesla and here they are speaking
giants or whatever and the same here
I'm going to do the same moves life already
I had done it but I do not know what happened in a
charge come I'll show you a couple of
repetitions as you see almost all are
victories I can not teach all of them
because I can not just leave the game
those cited are victories with this and
one day and 21 hours ago from here
more or less when the village changes and already
almost all are victories and only me
they won when they simply did not have
the loaded crossbows the same thing happened to me
last night look at you eight hours seven hours
six hours five hours five hours
four hours four hours four hours
finally the repetition
when I did not have any of the two
loaded crossbows as you see good is
normal they have attacked me I think that I
they attacked 11 times this was the number
11 all night and I see normal that
did not have the crossbows loaded and if
you do not win with the crossbows without loading
well that is a little silly good and I
they served the defenses pretty well
defenses not
the jumping traps jumped me about
how many giants but here it would be
much better why
if they were mounted because they would have
the crossbow jumped here
sometimes it's good for me to go to
because here I have the pumps
giants as you saw before and here
so as you do not carry much these
nations and above at level 3 that I've
improved pretty fast the
defenses as the troops go to as you see
to catch very fast you see all the life that
they take away the giants and that's why
giants have a lot of life another
giant pump was already disabled
because every night be without
play then normal over had kings
level 10 that are pretty kings
powerful are not maximum but for these
leagues are pretty good and it's the only
the only attack as I say they beat me
in all night and I'm going to do to teach
how they attacked me the other times I did not
I 've seen it I saw it from this attack and
well let's see this they made me a
34% and they attacked me with troops more or less
from pharming that is not bad
then nothing else the guide troops had
the loaded crossbows as it is but the
crossbows since since they are very
outside the troops as they are be by
these two sides are going to arrive in the area
where they are placed you can not see
how to put the giants and then the
they break some as I have explained in
countless times how to do it and
even the king was defending me
is doing a good paper
and as you see the giants although as I have
done a healing and die most
and they are already dead and see if I
out he is not who told them the new trap
do not
a kingdom of 12 and all and more a level 6
and does not know how to attack the truth enough
It's bad enough, the boy does not come out
the skeletons
I think those in these areas are the ones
I have airs and how is the area hard and
I do not know if I
there you see how they have got everything logical
I do not know if they will have left but they did not leave
and well, nothing happens either
in the king next door and in the king instead of
get to the town hall is put for the
dark elixir also had a bit of
luck and me there and I now that takes advantage
the rise
I'm attacking with archers and since
Now I can accelerate the factory
spells for a day for a gem
so I start to put I start to put
it's perfect revol you know how to talk
I put lightning spells to steal elixir
dark I do not know if I can put the
repetition but here you see that he steals 2 997
of dark elixir and has only been with the
4 rays and a queen the queen who gets the
use to
to win the little glasses over he had the
town hall outside I know that I came
perfect and the attacks that I'm
doing to raise glasses that until the
league more or less crystal one I can
to be doing that these were that
here now he says he used as queen
the ability to destroy me more
Quickly he takes me out some boxes and with
that's enough to destroy the
City Hall you completely know how
he touched the four stripes down but this one did not
I had almost nothing dark so I did not
It was worth taking it out afterwards
the attack ended and for the rest nothing
I'll upload the videos on Monday and Wednesday
Friday that I have scheduled more or
least I hope you liked this
village I see it quite well I do not see it
bad about the four mortars to me
It bothered me a little bit because he had to
be a village because I invented it myself
because everyone is inviting
the villages and well I hope that you
like
we put the and see if it works
you too and well I hope that you
have liked the video that the boats with
A like that you share with your
friends and even another